[Form Recognizer] update readme and troubleshooting (#23399)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/formrecognizer/ai-form-recognizer/TROUBLESHOOTING.md

  - [Handling RestError](#handling-resterror)
  - [Build model error](#build-model-error)
    - [Invalid training dataset](#invalid-training-data-set)
    - [Invalid SAS URL](#invalid-sas-url)
  - [Generic Error](#generic-error)
- [Unexpected time to build a custom model](#unexpected-time-to-build-a-custom-model)
- [Form Recognizer errors](#form-recognizer-errors)
- [Logging](#logging)

## Troubleshooting Errors

### Handling RestError

Form Recognizer service methods throw [`RestError`] on failure.

The RestError raised by the Azure Form Recognizer client library includes detailed error response information that provides useful insights into what went wrong and includes corrective actions to fix common issues.
This error information can be found in the `RestError#message` property.

### Build model error

Build model errors usually occur when trying to build a custom model. The most common scenarios when this might occur is, if you are building the model with an
[Invalid data set](#invalid-training-data-set) or an [Invalid SAS Url](#invalid-sas-url).

#### Invalid training data set

This error indicates that the provided data set does not match the training data requirements.

> Learn more about building a training data set, [here](https://aka.ms/customModelV3).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn more about building a training data set [on Microsoft Learn by following this link](https://aka.ms/customModelV3).
```

Avoid using links as opaque nouns ("here", "link", etc.) and offer some explanation of where the link will take you.

Example error below:

```bash
RestError: Invalid argument.
  {
    "name": "RestError",
    "code": "InvalidArgument",
    "statusCode": 400,
    .
    .
    .
    "details": {
     "error": {
       "code": "InvalidArgument",
       "message": "Invalid argument.",
       "innererror": {
         "code": "InvalidParameter",
         "message": "The parameter ContainerUrl is invalid: Url is null or whitespace"
       }
     }
    }

>   }

Reviewer: This doesn't say "invalid data set" but "invalid _containerUrl_". Are there cases where the container URL can be fine, but the data in the container are broken?

Author: Thanks for catching it, can plan an error accordingly.

```

#### Invalid SAS URL

This error points to missing permissions on the blob storage SAS URL for the Form Recognizer service to access the training dataset resource. For more information about SAS tokens for Form Recognizer, see [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/applied-ai-services/form-recognizer/create-sas-tokens).

Example error:

```bash
 RestError: Invalid argument.
  {
   "name": "RestError",
   "code": "InvalidArgument",
   "statusCode": 400,
   .
   .
   .
   "details": {
     "error": {
       "code": "InvalidArgument",
       "message": "Invalid argument.",
       "innererror": {
         "code": "InvalidSasToken",
         "message": "The shared access signature (SAS) is invalid: SAS token expired on 10/04/2022 03:19:05 +00:00"
       }
     }
   },
   "message": "Invalid argument."
 }
```

### Generic Error

Seeing a "Generic error" returned from the SDK is most often caused by heavy load on the service. For troubleshooting issues related to service limits, see related information [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/applied-ai-services/form-recognizer/service-limits?tabs=v30).

Example error:

> ```bash

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```
````

(3014) Generic error during training.
Invalid model created with ID=<model ID>
```

### Unexpected time to build a custom model

> It is common to have a longer completion time than what is expected when building a custom model using the `neural` build mode with `DocumentModelAdministrationClient#beginBuildDocumentModel()`. Depending on the service load you can usually expect it to take ~10min.

Reviewer: "Longer completion time than expected" doesn't feel quite right, because we do expect the neural build mode to take a long time. I would rephrase as "Training with the "neural" build mode typically takes significantly longer than the "template" mode.

Author: Copied this from Python/Java guides.

cc @catalinaperalta @samvaity

> It is common to have a longer completion time than what is expected when building a custom model using the `neural` build mode with `DocumentModelAdministrationClient#beginBuildDocumentModel()`. Depending on the service load you can usually expect it to take ~10min.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is common to have a longer completion time than what is expected when building a custom model using the `neural` build mode with `DocumentModelAdministrationClient#beginBuildDocumentModel()`.
```

Author: cc @catalinaperalta @samvaity

> For simpler use-cases, you can use `template` build mode which uses a different model building algorithm that takes less time (typically a few seconds to build). See more about `template` custom models [here](https://aka.ms/custom-template-models). To see more information about `neural` custom models (these models use deep learning to train and build), see documentation [here](https://aka.ms/custom-neural-models).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For simpler use-cases, you can use `template` build mode which uses a different model building algorithm that takes less time. See more about `template` custom models [here](https://aka.ms/custom-template-models). To see more information about `neural` custom models (these models use deep learning to train and build), see documentation [here](https://aka.ms/custom-neural-models).
```

Let's not make insinuations about the proper training time. This should be highly variable depending on the nature of the documents and the size of the training set. Our test models train in a few seconds, but that doesn't mean that a model will _in general_.

Customers can get a sense of whether or not the poller is operating locally by adding a state handler to the poller.

Author: Copied this from Python/Java guides.

cc @catalinaperalta @samvaity

### Form Recognizer errors

For information about the error messages and codes produced by the Form Recognizer service, please refer to [the service's error documentation][fr-errors].

> ### Logging

Reviewer 2: This section should add the warning about confidential information.

# Troubleshoot Azure Form Recognizer client library issues

> This troubleshooting guide contains instructions to diagnose frequently encountered issues while using the Azure Form Recognizer client library for Javascript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This troubleshooting guide contains information to help diagnose frequently encountered issues while using the Azure Form Recognizer client library for JavaScript.
```

## Table of Contents

- [Troubleshooting Errors](#troubleshooting-errors)
  - [Handling RestError](#handling-resterror)
  - [Build model error](#build-model-error)
    - [Invalid training dataset](#invalid-training-data-set)
    - [Invalid SAS URL](#invalid-sas-url)
  - [Generic Error](#generic-error)
- [Unexpected time to build a custom model](#unexpected-time-to-build-a-custom-model)
- [Form Recognizer errors](#form-recognizer-errors)
- [Logging](#logging)

## Troubleshooting Errors

### Handling RestError

Form Recognizer service methods throw [`RestError`] on failure.

The RestError raised by the Azure Form Recognizer client library includes detailed error response information that provides useful insights into what went wrong and includes corrective actions to fix common issues.
This error information can be found in the `RestError#message` property.

### Build model error

> Build model errors usually occur when trying to build a custom model. The most common scenarios when this might occur is, if you are building the model with an
> [Invalid data set](#invalid-training-data-set) or an [Invalid SAS Url](#invalid-sas-url).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When building a model, the most common errors are caused by an [invalid data set](#invalid-training-data-set) or an [invalid SAS Url](#invalid-sas-url).
```

Example error:

```
 RestError: Invalid argument.
  {
   "name": "RestError",
   "code": "InvalidArgument",
   "statusCode": 400,
   .
   .
   .
   "details": {
     "error": {
       "code": "InvalidArgument",
       "message": "Invalid argument.",
       "innererror": {
         "code": "InvalidSasToken",
         "message": "The shared access signature (SAS) is invalid: SAS token expired on 10/04/2022 03:19:05 +00:00"
       }
     }
   },
   "message": "Invalid argument."
 }
```

### Generic Error

Seeing a "Generic error" returned from the SDK is most often caused by heavy load on the service. For troubleshooting issues related to service limits, see related information [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/applied-ai-services/form-recognizer/service-limits?tabs=v30).

Example error:

```
(3014) Generic error during training.
Invalid model created with ID=<model ID>
```

### Unexpected time to build a custom model

Training(`DocumentModelAdministrationClient#beginBuildDocumentModel()`) with the "neural" build mode typically takes significantly longer than the "template" mode.

> For simpler use-cases, you can use `template` build mode which uses a different model building algorithm that takes less time. See more about `template` custom models [here](https://aka.ms/custom-template-models). To see more information about `neural` custom models (these models use deep learning to train and build), see documentation [here](https://aka.ms/custom-neural-models).

Reviewer: I would link to the JSDoc page for DocumentModelBuildMode here as well. It explains the difference.

> For simpler use-cases, you can use `template` build mode which uses a different model building algorithm that takes less time. See more about `template` custom models [here](https://aka.ms/custom-template-models). To see more information about `neural` custom models (these models use deep learning to train and build), see documentation [here](https://aka.ms/custom-neural-models).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For simpler use-cases, you can use the `template` build mode which uses a different model building algorithm that takes less time. Neural models are trained using deep learning, so they are more computationally intensive to train and use. More information about the `template` and neural build modes and the characteristics of models created using each can be found at the following Microsoft Learn pages:

- [Custom template models](https://aka.ms/custom-template-models)
- [Custom neural models](https://aka.ms/custom-neural-models)
```

IMO this clarifies a bit and avoids using the links as nouns ("link", "here", etc.)

### Form Recognizer errors

For information about the error messages and codes produced by the Form Recognizer service, please refer to [the service's error documentation][fr-errors].

### Logging

Enabling logging may help uncover useful information about failures. In order to see a log of HTTP requests and responses, set the `AZURE_LOG_LEVEL` environment variable to `info`. Alternatively, logging can be enabled at runtime by calling `setLogLevel` in the `@azure/logger`:

```javascript
const { setLogLevel } = require("@azure/logger");

setLogLevel("info");
```

> When logging the body of request and response, please ensure that they do not contain confidential information.

Reviewer: Our logging output is sanitized and will not log the body of requests or sensitive headers.

> When logging the body of request and response, please ensure that they do not contain confidential information.

Author: ```suggestion
```

         "message": "The shared access signature (SAS) is invalid: SAS token expired on 10/04/2022 03:19:05 +00:00"
       }
     }
   },
   "message": "Invalid argument."
 }
```

### Generic Error

Seeing a "Generic error" returned from the SDK is most often caused by heavy load on the service. For troubleshooting issues related to service limits, see related information [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/applied-ai-services/form-recognizer/service-limits?tabs=v30).

Example error:

```
(3014) Generic error during training.
Invalid model created with ID=<model ID>
```

### Unexpected time to build a custom model

Training(`DocumentModelAdministrationClient#beginBuildDocumentModel()`) with the "neural" build mode typically takes significantly longer than the "template" mode.

For simpler use-cases, you can use the `template` build mode which uses a different model building algorithm that takes less time. Neural models are trained using deep learning, so they are more computationally intensive to train and use. More information about the `template` and neural build modes and the characteristics of models created using each can be found at the following Microsoft Learn pages:

> 

Author: ```suggestion

- [DocumentModelBuildMode](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/javascript/api/@azure/ai-form-recognizer/documentmodelbuildmode?view=azure-node-latest)
```

         "message": "The shared access signature (SAS) is invalid: SAS token expired on 10/04/2022 03:19:05 +00:00"
       }
     }
   },
   "message": "Invalid argument."
 }
```

### Generic Error

Seeing a "Generic error" returned from the SDK is most often caused by heavy load on the service. For troubleshooting issues related to service limits, see related information [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/applied-ai-services/form-recognizer/service-limits?tabs=v30).

Example error:

```
(3014) Generic error during training.
Invalid model created with ID=<model ID>
```

### Unexpected time to build a custom model

Training(`DocumentModelAdministrationClient#beginBuildDocumentModel()`) with the "neural" build mode typically takes significantly longer than the "template" mode.

For simpler use-cases, you can use the `template` build mode which uses a different model building algorithm that takes less time. Neural models are trained using deep learning, so they are more computationally intensive to train and use. More information about the `template` and neural build modes and the characteristics of models created using each can be found at the following Microsoft Learn pages:

> - [DocumentModelBuildMode](https://docs.microsoft.com/javascript/api/@azure/ai-form-recognizer/documentmodelbuildmode)

Reviewer: nit: this isn't the same kind of thing as the other two bullets. I'd put it after the two bullet points as a note and say something like 

```
_See also_: [`DocumentModelBuildMode` reference documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/javascript/api/@azure/ai-form-recognizer/documentmodelbuildmode).
```
